hello baby today our beautiful
the room of our popular cartoon
cars
guests came and what kind of guests and
trucks see
our car transporter arrived
good that hi truck i brought you
new models but cartoon cars 2
yes what are you well unload eat first went
look here is retro makeup and who is it with us
macmysle come on let's go free and
have first ready
next next i'm here
Jeff on the spot and this is not all, and so understood
yes there are still guests
let's open it
exit-exit exit-exit
quit, quit faster, faster
faster and faster come on come on come on
and who is this us yes this is no malta
gives someone a box open faster
meter buddy it's you me
oh no no no and here I am well friends
here this truck touched it is not all
the grand prize is that you come on ezzhaj
that is, and this is our main lightning makvin
no further words i'm friends here i'm on
place
let him come like lightning so today
arrived to us a wonderful four friends
remember what
and so one of such elder
such interesting eyes
mccman yellow
our good old friend and the most important
cool said Makvin and I on place if
I will always come to your servant
these are our friends today
I don’t always like you to hope
new meetings